Add a command to open macro stepper for selected syntax (#148)
Eugleo/magic-racket: README.md

2. Make sure you have `raco` on your path (see section Troubleshooting)
3. Install the [racket-langserver](https://github.com/jeapostrophe/racket-langserver) by running the following command in the terminal:

>    ```bash

Reviewer: Hmm, not entirely why these lines have changed...? Please revert any changes that aren't related to the macro stepper.

Author: Oops, I guess that's my markdown formatter, I will revert them.

- `Racket: Show the output terminal for the current file`
  - Similarly to the command above, this one shows the output terminal of the current file.

### Macro Stepper

> - `Racket: Open macro stepper of line or selection as a syntax`

Reviewer: Let's tweak this slightly to match the wording of other commands:

```suggestion
- `Racket: Open line or selection in macro stepper`
```

- **(recommended)** add the directory where `raco` is located ([instructions for Unix](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14637979/how-to-permanently-set-path-on-linux-unix), and something like [this for PowerShell on Windows](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/714877/setting-windows-powershell-environment-variables))
- first move to the directory where `raco` is located (by using `cd`, for example), and then run it by prefixing the `raco` command with `./` (Unix) or `.\` (Windows), like this:

>   ```bash

Reviewer: This block should also be reverted, as it seems unrelated.
